As survey done by One British in 1807 and made map where he shows river which is avilable in delhi yamuna river.
there, he described  sriramacharithmaanas to god viswanath and mother annapoorna.
Jointly this is India's best Medical Institute. All India Medical Institute is global institute in reacher and medical filed.
there is a lot of difference between the cultures of towns and villages.
God Yama blessed him with boons of invincibility and disease free life.
But other above sub river are only up to 200 year,when Arawali mountain series was cover with natural forest then they are perennial(twelve month).
Located by the side in Nepal's Janakpur we can also see Sitamathi,Devi Sita's birth place,Janaki temple,Janaki kund,Haleshwar place,Panthpakad,as well as,Lord rama's marraige place.
after Independence, another part of Bihar was partitioned and in 2000, the state of Jharkhand was separated from this.
this building was constected in the memory of sufi sant bakhtiyar kaki.
When he reached there he saw that hs entire family is destroyed.
In the past it was center of polity, religion and knowledge.
Generally it is 7 to 8 meter high in nearby area.
That is why it is said that unintentionally Rafi Saheb happened to damage the careers of Manna De, Talat Mehmood and Hemant Kumar.
Spread over an area of 1483 sq. km, Delhi is the third biggest metropolis in India.
Moropanth was Marathi brahmina and was in employment of Maratha Peshwa Bajirao.
A post ticket dedicated to freedom fighters of Indian war of independence in 1857 which depicts a picture of Lakshmibai.
There, in them they inspired by poetry power and they created the poems in Sanskrit.
Once at Aakashvanee ( at that All India Radio), reputed singer- actor Kundan Lal Sahagal came in Lahore to show his demonstration.
Nalanda University, Vikramshila University and Odantpuri University are the named study centre in old Bihar.
delhi's river Yamuna is one of the most sacred rivers to the Hindu religion.
Tulsidas is known as incarnation of Maharshi Valmiki who basic creator of Ramayana.
Lord Surya thought of him as an innocent child and did not burn him with his powerful rays.
In 1998 the high court ordered all general vehicles of delhi city to use compressed natural gas instead of disel in their vehicles.
Delhi is not only the capital but also a tourist destination.
Be blessed in them as well as remembering them(together with Lata Mangeshkar) is worth discussing.
after this research in 1992, the Guinness Book of World Records removed the singer's record.
After The Sepoy Mutiny in the year 1857, British rule started in Delhi.
.King Gangadhar Rao died on 21 November 1953 after adopting son.
Average rainfall is around 714cm(28.1 inch), in which most of it is in the months of July and August.
The Rahtrapati Bhawan(President's Residence), Kendriya sachivālaya(Central Secretariat), Raj Path, Sansad Bhawan(Parliament House) are one of the most important buildings.
Apart from this local delicacies like the Chaat are loved by many people.
Delhi has a length of 1922.32 KM of roads with a road density of 100 KM per Sq Km, which is highest in india.
As per some thoughts, the 11th Incarnation, Rudravtar (Rudra - Incarnation of Lord Shiva), is considered to be the most powerful and intelligent.
Bismilla khan is a famous for making this instrument popular,he also was born in Bihar.
queen of jhansi ran and reached kaalpi and met tatya tope.
The term 'Wikipedia' is created by joining two words 'Wiki' and 'Encyclopedia'.
There are four important Railway Stations here. New Delhi Station, Delhi Junction, Rohilla and Hazrat Nizamudin Railway Stations.
. Maurya dynasty, Gupta dynasty and other dynasties has ruled in most of the parts of country.
Rambola recited the Gayatri Mantra without being taught ,which left every one astonished.
Many other festivals are also celebrated here like: Mango Festival, Kite Flying festival, Spring season festival which are celebrated every year.
The average height is 455 meter but height its highest peak is 874 meter of this class.
Today Delhi is one of the the prominent political, cultural and commercial hub of India.
people in villages strictly follow traditions and staunchly believe in them.
It was vary sad the forest are start cutting in Khilji period.
Sasharam an Octagon shaped tomb of Shershah made in Afgan style is wonderfull artistic monument.
By means of Air transport Delhi Indira Gandhi International Airport got connected to the whole world.
in the Quit India Movement also, Bihar played a profound role.
mosk of gayasuddin constructed in the  period of tuglak is a simbol of new adventures.
He married Begum Wiklis and had seven children, of which four are sons and three daughter.
Nimra is one of the most important pilgrimage center at Patna.
3-Khadar area is expanded from Gandak to Kosi river in all north Bihar.
He saw that a very handsome prince was riding a horse and was carrying a bow and an arrow in hands.
It has capacity to compete with any of the new city in the world.
It is 700 to 1000 ft. above sea level,160Km south from Himalaya and near Yamuna river.
In 1857 Jhansi became an important center of war from where the rebel started.
But, all written poems by them in day, was got vanished at night.
To listen it, Mohammad Rafi and elder brother also gone there.
The moment Hanuman leaped to catch the Sun at the same time Rahu wanted to cast an eclipse on the sun.
From the same day all general vehicles runs on c.N.G only.
There is program to further expand, it has the potential to hold 100 Million passengers annually.
Shahdara and Bhajanpura etc are on its eastern ends and are regarded as main shopping centres in Delhi.
Thulsi das about my self god create sad life heart all sacrifice.
With the raise of the Sultans Delhi became an important center for polity, Culture and trade.
As per ancient evidence, human lives found surrounding to Delhi in B.C.2000
The tomb of Safdarjung and Humayun's tomb are the perfect example of the Moghul four garden styles.
Apart from local cuisine, continental food like Italian and Chinese food is also available.
in his child hood days itself his family shifted from Lahore to Amritsar.
Rafi got famous from song Tera Khilona toota,(Film- Anmol Ghari, 1946), written by Naushad.
Mughal emperor Humayun defeated Afghan army near the border & could capture Delhi without any resistance.
Third one which is biggest flow in which shaibi river (earlier name rohani)was called.
Delhi is well connected with other big cities and Metros by Super fast and Express Trains.
when opened the door in the morning, it was written as styam sivam sundaram and under it there was the hybrid of god sankara.
The ruler of Maurya dynasty Empire Ashoka dynasty has reached up to Afghanistan.
He had made his unic identity among the singers of his age with the help of his euphonnic sound.
Due to the boundaries of casts most of the marriages set by the Mother- Father or relatives are within the family.
Asia's biggest Auto Show: Auto Expo is organized in Delhi twice a year.
Then all the gods, demons, demigods, kinners, etc. went to the refuge of Brahama Ji.
men are dominant in the society and women are still kept under  strict restraint.
This is done  suppression for not accept the Islam who is local mutineer and plunder.
Even if I am dark, it does not matter. I have a big heart. (Gumnam movie, 1966), comic song.
Mohamod Rafi was well known for his good sense ofhumor,God devotion, etc.
his written sings sang by Rafi get fame and Rafi, mad-an mohan,ghulam hyder,jaydev , Salli choudhary and more singers he started singing songs.
It has several ancient and middle age monuments like Kumrhar, Agmukuma, Mahendra Ghat the remains  of the Outpost built by Sher Sha.
Tulsi Das Ji was fascinated when he saw Him but could not recognize him.
It is covered from west,north,south  by hariyana and east by uttar pradesh.
Queen Lakshmibai improved the security of Jhansi and formed a volunteer army.
Summer is at its peak between April and June, During which there is a possibility for the temperature to rise very high.
Recent the situation of education is improved but primary and secondary education becomes hades pony.
since delhi falls under the  4th seismic zone, it is prone to earthquakes.
After that Vinay Patrika is another important poetry written by Tulsidas.
When the Lord Hanuman saw the touch of Rahu on the upper portions of the sun he ran away with fear.
Saptparni Cave Venuvan, Griddhakoota hill, Jarasand's empire, hot springs, Makdhoom kund (hot fountain) etc. are Rajgir's important tourism places.
In 500 BC the Nischet a city that was famous place, which was made to protect the property.
Places of tourist interest are the Old Fort, Safdarjung's tomb, Jantar mantar, Qutb Minar and Iron Pillar.
Safdarjung is another Airfield of Delhi, It is used for smaller aircraft training and few VIP passengers land and take off from here.
In place of surnames indicative of caste, many liked adding 'Kumar'.
The Indian government awarded him with the Padma Shree Award in 1965.
The border of RA.RA.is surrounded mainly by the places like Noida and Gurgoan.
In the beginning their capital was Calcutta (Kalkutta), but they moved their Capital to Delhi in the year 1911.
Delhi municipal corporation;Corporation is a big municipal organization ,It is estimated 237.90 Lakh for maintance of this organisation.
One can see here remains of many Ancient and Medieval times monuments.
The involvement and geographical proximity of Delhi's capital, New Delhi, has extended the importance of national programmes and events.
From olden times, Delhi has also been a major business capital of the country.
These National Highways are,NH 1,NH 2,NH 8,NH 10 and NH 24.
In the third phase of the project, there is plan to add cities of National Capital Territory like Ghaziabad, Faridabad etc.
After this songs from , Shaeed, Mela and Dulari were also hit.
He is regarded as Bajrang Bali, because his body is like an Thunderbolt.
There is Nepal in the north, West Bengal in east, Uttar Pradesh in west and Jharkhand in south of Bihar.
The main server of Wikipedia is in Tampa, Florida and additional servers are in Amsterdam and Seoul.
God with his own hands took the sandalwood paste and applied on Tulsidasji's forehead and he felt blessed.
Tulsi Das Ji came to Ayodhya from Kashi considering his advise.
After the death of Humayun, afghan army, under the leadership of Hemu Vikramaditya defeated the mughal army & recaptured Delhi & Agra.
comes form south-west and north of riz and meet with yamuna.
As of there are three express trains and three more are under constructions that connect prosperous and important suburbs.
at that time the people sitting there heard the sound ""satyam sivam sundaram"" through their ears.
The limit of expenditure in marriage ceremony & reception depends on the Financial position of the community.
This is Daldali region where dense forests of yearly trees exist.
Brahama Ji went to Vayudev (god of air) taking them all along.
delhi main climate has major difference between summer season and monsoon season.
major festivals include Holi, Diwali, Dusshera, Maha Shivratri, Shri Panchmi, Muhharam, Eid and Christmas.
As Gods Indra's Vajra broke Hanumans Hanu or chin he came to be called as Hanuman or broken chin.
And with the increment of the urban population is narrow the forest are.
The Indian Archaeological Society has declared 1200 world heritage sites in Delhi, which is greater than any other city of the world.
During his initial days of career, he worked for music director duo Lakshmikant-Pyarelal (better known as Lakshmipyare)for minimal fees.
number of fans were increasing later on singing songs on Di lip Kumar, Devanand.
When Hanuman Ji came from behind and disclosed all the secret to him, he repented too much.
In the decade of 1950s, Rafi sang many popular songs, the music of which was composed by Shankar-Jaykishan, Naushad, or Sachindeo Barman.
Delhi's historical importance in northern india is because of it's position.
In this army women were admitted and taught the tactics of war.
Elder brother of Rafi requested the organizers to give a chance to sing Mohammad Rafi to cool down the restlessness of crowd.
By the end of June temperatures drop and rain starts from the eastern monsoons winds.
On the facts of digging the land the saleem garh and old fort  are found to be the evidence of such ancient city..
Delhi metro rail coop which runs delhi metro rail is a mass rapid transist service,which provides facilities in many areas of delhi.
In 1965, the song, 'Pardesiyon Se Na Akhiyan Milana', from  movie of the couple music director Kalyanji-Anangji, got the most popular title song.
When India attained Independence in the year 1947, formally Delhi became the capital of India.
ref to the above subject he had created so many books.
In 1901 Delhi was a small city with a population of 4 lacs.
National holidays like the Republic day, Independence day and Mahatma Gandhi's Birthday are celebrated with great pomp and joy.
Markets located in old Delhi and in old Mughal structures still hold business secrets of thos times.
The upkeep of the roads is done by Municipal Corporation Delhi(MCD), Delhi Cantonment Board,Public works Department,and Delhi Development Authority.
in 1951 when Naushad writing for the film Baju Bawra he had planned to get Talat Mehmood to sing for it.
Hanuman is known as the son of Wind, because (the God of Wind) had played a major role in upbringing Hanuman.
After this Bihar was under the control of Nawabs of Bihar.
most parts of bihar has slum areas,where kabaddi,gillidanda,kanche are played often.
It was started on 21st January, 2001 as a supplementary to the Nupedia, an encyclopedia created by experts.
Due to some geographical disturbance the lower part is now upper part, from that it stops flowing in yamuna river.
when the educated people heard about this, envy generated in their minds.
Buddha and Jain Religion has originated during sixth and fifth century b.c.
Hanuman's father wasthe king of  Sumeru Kingdom and his mother's name was Anjani.
Almost all the casts are infected by the epidemic of Dowry.
This is second largest festival of the world where 26 states of the world takes part.
In vary large ratio children are taking education in middle school.
He was sitting in gloom taking unconscious Hanuman in his lap.
due to the birth of the tenth Sikh Guru, Gobind Singh, in Patna, on his birth anniversary, pompous celebrations are carried out.
The dispute he had with another famous singer, Lata Mangeshkar, regarding the royalty of songs showcases his bigheartedness.
One day he met a dead body there which told him directions to meet Hanumana.
In Hindi along with Gandhi stories nearly 31 and more than languages are wrote.
Hanuman Ji reassured him and told him that everthing will be again seen in the next morning.
Aravalli hills's is on the south west and Yamuna river in the east on the banks of which it is located.
God Shankar ordered him, that you should create the poems in your own language.
They got permission and in the age of 13 years this was the first public demonstration of Mohammad Rafi.
After which the winds take these monsoon winds further bringing good rains.
There is a Sukharkhet Rajapur named village in Gonda District which is near to Aayodhya, there was lived the famous Brahman named Atmaram Dube.
In order to console me when i was crying you had given me the Sun and Moon to play with.
It was started in 24 dec 2002 in shadara thirty hazari line.
Films are extremely popular in the cities, towns and villages of Bihar.
He obtained his forth Filfare Award for the very popular song, Baharon Phool Barsao of movie 'Suraj Ke Geet', released in 1966.
The terrain of Delhi changes from plain agricultural fields in the north to  Aravalli Hills of Rajasthan) in the south.
In Delhi we can even now see the remains of The raise and fall of several Kings.
Then Queen Lakshmibai consulted John Lang and filed an appeal for the hearing of her case in London.
In the 16 and 17 centuries East India Company had almost the whole on India under its control.
It is believed that, he had made ""Lal-Kot"" (Red Fort) & brought ""Loh-Stambha"" in Delhi.
In 1911 its population started increasing when it became the capital of British India.
on the eve of the Independence day, the Prime Minister of India addresses the people of India from the Red Fort.
High population and high economic development has put tremendous pressure on the city's infrastructure.
It is said Naushd once saw Talat Mehmood smoking, and offered the movie to Rafi instead.
This region is situated at plains of Ganga and her supported rivers.
In addition to different tastes of sweets,balls of anrasa,khasa,mothichur laddu,thilkut is famous here.
Now it is being managed by Wikimedia Foundation which is a nor-profit organization.
In the year 1627 after taking permission from Hanumanji, he went towards Agra.
Akbar's grandson Shahajahan(1628-1658) Constructed Delhi for the seventh time in the middle of seventeenth century & hence it was called Shahajahanabad.
From back way the maximum water start comming in najabgarh cannal.
D N d Flyway and Noida-Greater-Noida Express connects Delhi with another two important suburbs.
by tieing with the chain they condemned the thulasidasji and by losing the books they began to destroy also.
The teacher and his disciple went to Shukarshetra after spending some days there.
The State of Bihar comes within the bicameral administration of the federal structure of the Indian republic.
This include Sonu Nigam, Mohammad Ajij and Udid Narayana- among these have now their own identity.
Due to Dowry breakage of Marriage or torture of the Bride becomes headlines of news.
Because of Delhi's reading skill sometimes it is also called as the book capital of the world.
When Brahama Ji enlivened him, then Vayudev removed away the pain of all the living beings by providing infusion to his motion.
in his long life he wrote many books - ramlalanchu,vairagyasandeepani.ramgyaprashna.janki mangal,ramcharitmanas,satpai,parvati mangal,geetawali,vinay patrika,krishna geetawali,barwe ramayana,dohawali and kavitawali
After meeting Hanumanji Tulsidas prayed him so that Hanumana can arrange to meet Shree Raghunathji.
In Wikipedia information goes very fast for example Bombay bomb blast happen in few minitues the information comes in english Wikipedia.
Norther Bihar is plain of Baghmati, Koshi, Budhi Gandak, Gandak, Ghaghra and supporting rivers.
On Mauni Dark Night of Samvat Year 1607 on Wednesday Lord Shri Ram reappeared in front of him.
Music director Ravi composed songs for Rafi in the decade of 1960s.
It was one of the major center on the business route through the plains of the Ganges.
Manu took eduction of sciences and weapons as well , in childhood.
In Mahrauli of New delhi iron pillars of Gupta empire age can be found.
Relatively low level terrain contains  vast plains which makes land valuable,but really it is flood affected place.
In October month of 1957 neighboring kingdoms of Orcha and Datiya attacked Jhansi.
In the spectator, Shyam Sunder, which was famous musician at that time, also listen him and impressed quite a lot.
the rivers have been the natural source of water for the terrestrial animals for millions of years.
These transport runs at a maximum speed of 80km/hr and stops for 20 seconds at all stations.
Delhi also has war memorials like the India Gate on Rajpath.
In Delhi there are many large natural lakes but now due to mining many of the lakes are drying up.
Here pandits and a few idea not get, Sri madhusudhan that book he had got some opportunity to show the book.
New delhi coporation is old NDMC.New delhi is municipal council name .
During the partition of India, a big number of people came to Delhi and settled down.
These include oil drenched pickles of mango, lemon etc and also cloth, clothes, masalas, sweets and also bridal jewellery and precious gems.
According to a survey conducted in 2008, there are 5.5 million vehicles within the municipal limits of Delhi.
Phase III (112 km) and Phase IV (108.5 km) length is proposed to be completed in 2015 and 2020 respectively.
In its publications following this,Guiness Book presented the cases of both and credited Mohammed Rafi having sung 28,000 songs between 1944 and 1980.
This state occupied by great empires in ancient era, presently counted as a lowest participant in economy of country.
In the middle of 2006 there were articles exceeding 46 lakhs, in English alone there were more than 12 lakh articles.
On that day in morning, celestial position was same as on the day of Rama's birth in Treta Yug.
Shahajahanabad is also called old city or old Delhi in colloquial language.
70 Years the area of this cannal was 220 square kilometer.
There is a plan to have an International Airport Greater Noida and to have a Indian Grand Prix track.
The Delhi district authority obeys all the state and central principles.
He sent him from a ghat of Patliputra (present Patna) which is now called Mahendru ghat, named after Mahendra.
Starting from 1940 to 1980 he had sung total 26000 songs.
In most of the cast & communities consumption of Liquor & dance is operational in the Marriage Ceremony.
Students come from all over the India in these educational institutes.
Then Brahama Ji said that no weapon would be able to pierce his organ.
In common Hindi, the name 'Dilli', was also used to refer to this region, which eventually became 'Delhi'.
racism is a very important factor and has always played a major role in the politics of Bihar.
After the freedom the rainy channel,footpath and street are strong by cement,so the natural resource was block which is reach the water to waterway.
the state's total area is 94,163 km square , of which 92,257.51 km square is rural district.
There are, at present, three world heritage sites in Delhi-Red Fort, Qutb Minar and humayun's tomb.
for him songs were given by sometimes by o.p Nair or sometimes Sankara jayakishe sang for him
Son, Punpun, Falgu and Keul are supporting rivers in south which joins Ganga in Bihar.
Rama is way shower not the source - prof.Mahavir Saran Jain
Rafi got his first Film-fair award in 1960 for his title song of the film 'Chaudahavi ka Chand'.
Located on the bank of river Yamuna, this city has a glorious mythological history.
Winter starts in the month of November and continues till the beginning of February.
the Ganga-Yamuna region in India, comprises of the most pure waters.
Frightened on hearing about another Rahu Indira accompanied by Rahu went to towards the Sun.
Aravli the perennial river and his  nature Three of his river   which flows from the center of Delhi and meet Yamuna.
Apart from main-stream Hindi films, Bhojpuri films have also earned their importance.
The British occupied the treasure of state and deducted his husband's loan in her annual expenses.
Sri madhusudhan has happy to saw his creation and accept the books.
Come under the scope Kshatre NDMC is called in thi name.
You will find many old structures, which still stand tall, displaying the magnificence of those times.
Thus Delhi has the maximum number of vehicles among all the cities of the world.
In the searches that followed, Viswas Nerurkar could find that Lata has in fact sung only 5,044 songs till 1989.
As per the Hindu mythological stories, Hanuman,i.e. Maarut Nandan, is the son of Wind.
Babu  Kunwar Singh played an important role in the first Indian rising of 1857 .
apart from this government jobs and small business are also their part of occupation.
It is in more than 200 languages among which more than 50 thousand articles are there in 15 languages.
On that day's morning Shri Tulsi Das Ji started weiting Shriramcharitmanas.
From ancient days Delhi has been ruled by many kings & emperors & its name also got changed from time to time.
British clean the mud of sahibi river and clear the bottom part and named nala nazafgarh and mix with yamuna.
Later on Boodhism has reached Japan through China and its way.
once, after his birth, his mother went out to buy fruits while leaving him alone at the asylum.
This include mainly Hindi and also Gazal, Bhajan, Patriotic songs, Kavvali and also songs of various language.
1- Terrain region, this Someshwar class I ncludes about 10 kilometer width of stone-sand.
Here are various governmental and private institutes, which are providing vary high level education in Art, Commerce, Science, Technology, Medical Law and Management.
Indra said that his body would be harder than the thunderbolt.
in the past few years, its colossal form has been exposed.
In this condition ,where they not find the path,there they are overflow like a rainy channel.
I have steered the boat clear of the storm, (movie Jagruti, 1954), a patriotic song.
after the separation of Jharkhand, most of the terrain is flat lands and it is cultivable.
its counted as a biggest posh city as per highest percentage of one person income in the country.
Based on this topic their was a debate between the two great super stars.
If we searching in Google and other it comes in Wikipedia.
This pair created many wonderful songs for the films 'Gharana' (1961), 'Kajal' (1965), and 'Do badan'.
Though built in fourth century it is still had no rust on it.
In January month of 1958 Britain's army started marching towards Jhansi and surrounded the city in the month of March.
At that time God Shiv and Parvati emerged in front of him.
Mohammad Rafi's first song was for a Punjabi film 'Gul Bloch', which he sung in the direction of Shyam Sunder in 1944.
During winter the weather becomes very cold, due to the cold wave, which is as dangerous as the intense heat wave of summer.
this region receives good rainfall and the rivers originating from the Himalaya glaciers are perennial throughout the year.
Western Asian land river change the old way now Yamuna has been removed prior to the twenty Kilometer.
The metro rail is an important means of transport in delhi transportation.
The river Yamuna seperate the city from the other eastern regions.
For this towards the southern side of old Delhi they started building a new city.
With the increase of 3.85% annually Delhi's population reached a total of 1 crore and 38 lacs in the year of 2001.
Chandni Chowk, which is a market from more than three centuries, is famous for jewellery, Zari sarees and masalas.
According to the Delhi Master Plan 2021 the Delhi Metro Rail  is proposed to be extended till suburbs.
During this time, Shankar-Jaikishan  also liked his voice and offered many songs to him.
After Lalu Prasad becoming the railway minister litty-chogha is available in all important railway stations.
government is continuously trying to change the condition of the state.
She was born in a town named Bhadaini in Varanasi district.
After six days he met Bharadwaraj and Yagnyavaklya sage under a tree.
Epic was completed in 2 years, seven months and 26 days.
In Kashi he stayed for 15 years and studied vedas under Tulsidas.
The government is made by the political party or the alliance who achieve majority in the public election.
Modern as well as old songs are also heard in these ceremonies.
Food habits of Punjabi's and Mughal's like Kabab and Biryani is famous in many parts of Delhi.
There is sub-region in south of this which is mainly Daldali.
Delhi University is vary important among these Higher Educational Institutes, and its undertakes several colleges and research institutes.
in the present day, its effect has been reduced by quite an extent.
because of vary large form production of cement concrete there are not any remedy to meat it on underwater and river.
Of total vehicle in delhi 30% are private vehicles. On an average in Delhi about 963 new vehicle gets registered per day
situated in the eastern plains of Ganga, this state's average height is 173 feet.
There are tombs of Mahatma Gandhi and other important leaders at Raj Ghat.
delhi is  a favourate place for foregion buisnesman after 1990.
Lata denied to sing any duet with Rafi and for many years both of them did not lend their voices to the same song.
slowly his fame spread-ed trough out so much that every sang was made given him to sing.
It clear that by the Hindi Wikipedia the users of people who using Hindi in internet their numbers will increase.
Many of rivers and streams coming from Himalayas flow through Bihar and drains in the Ganga.
In 1961, Rafi received his second Film-Fair award for his song 'Teri Pyari Pyari Soorat Ko', from the film 'Sasural;.
In year 1851 , Laxmibai gave birth to a son but the child died at age of four months.
In the year 1946, Mohammad Rafi decided to come to Bombay.
There will be a drastic fall in temperature and can go as low as lowa as -0.6 degree Centigrade (30.9 degree Fahrenheit)
Before 3000 BC this river which flows through Delhi in North  ridge was present.
Indian Engineering Institute, Delhi: This is Asia's best institute for science and technology.
In the year 1960,  the end of this year was not healthy after receiving the title of his career.
So these regions are called Yamuna par and they are also joined by many bridges from New Delhi.
But Queen Lakshmibai had decided to save Jhansi at any cost.
In the year 1947 after gaining independence from Britishers Ne delhi was declared the capital of India.
During the decade of 1991 to 2001 Delhi's population rate of increment was 47.02%.
Religious festivals include Diwali, Holi, Dushera, Durga Puja, Mahavir Jayanti, Guru Parab, Christmas, Mahashivratri, Id-Ul-Fitr, Buddha Jayanti, Lohri, Pongal and Onam.
Zardozi (embroidery by a gold thread) and Minakari (Inlay work on brass articles) are famous kinds of art forms from Delhi.
Shankar-Jaikishan were RajKapoor's favorite Composers, but Raj Kapoor liked only Mukesh's Voice.
Besides this, Raju Bharatan found that between 1049 and 1987, only  35,000 Hindi songs were recorded in all.
Patliputra is historic name of Patna which is capital of Bihar.
Her childhood name was Manikarnika, but she was called Manu with love.
At that time the same story was being told, which he had heard from his teacher.
Yamuna comes from tributory river of himalya so it always full of water.
In the year 2006-07 twenty three million passengers used this airport making it the biggest airport in South Asia.
Then his patriotism developed and he took permission from his teacher and went to his birthplace.
The members of the higher assembly or the Legislative Council are elected in an indirect fashion for a period of six years.
to assist him, the wind also started blowing at great speeds.
The playing of Shehnai during the marriage  is a common thing.
Varuna said that with his loop and water, this lad would always remain safe and secure.
Delhi has also been referred to in the ancient times in the Mahabharata wherein it has been referred to as 'Indraprastha'.
because of this racism, many people have changed their last names.
Today in the river fall the most of the begrimed of city.
New Delhi also has important government offices, government resthouses and other building of the British era.
many multi international companies open their headquarter at delhi and its near about just like pepsi,gap etc.
rajendra Kumar, dilip Kumar,and dharmendra doest wanted any singer to sing for them.
One dy he set out to go around in clockwise direction.
In rainy season, flood in the major problem in these rivers.
The pair of Music Composers, Laxmikant and Pyarelal had their debut with Rafi's voice and in 1963, created beautiful songs for the film 'Parasmani'.
Year 1853 , raja Gangadhar's health dedoriated badly and was advised to adopt a son.
It begins in the south from Aravali mountains and goes up to western,north-western,north-east regions.
But Queen successfully escaped from the English men with damodar Raav.
Musician Naushad give him a chance to sing in the film 'Pehle Aap'.
in the southern Pathri region, the slopes are leveled and mountain ranges have created natural lakes.
Seeing the plight of Hanuman the Wind God became very angry.
At present situation it is programed to run in six lanes which joins maximun areas of delhi.
it is in the form of wiki, which is such a webpage which allows everyone to edit it.
In 1969, Shakti Samant was producing his own movie where ho chose Sachin Dev Burman( which is also well known as the name Dada).
in the kasi roopi garden he walked in the middle of Tulsi plants.
The peak Aamane similar city in the north to the south stretches Rajkot.
After gaining independence people from various regions came and settled in Delhi which has led to great change to the character of Delhi.
It was ruled by Khilajis, Tugalakhs, Lodhis and some others too.
The Qutub festival is a nation-wide event for singers and performers alike which makes spans a few fun filled, grand nights.
Exquisite examples of handicrafts and handloom articles can be seen at art bazaars like Pragati Maidan, Delhi Haat, and Hauz Khas.
To cater to the needs of public transport , Government has started a Mass Rapid Transit System , Called Delhi Metro.
Delhi is a major junction on the map of Indian Railways.
thus other than Raj Kapoor Movies, Shankar-Jaikishan, offered Rafi every chance to sing.
Things being so, it is difficult to believe that Rafi has sung 28,000 but some sources still hold this view.
On the earth, among the seven mystics who have been granted the blessing of immortality, Bajrangbali is also one of them.
Revolt of Champaran  is among the first during independence movement.
once bihar was counted one of the best state to serve education.
Her mother's name was Bhagirathi Bai and father's name was Moropant Tombe.
However, debate is going on about the trustworthiness and the truthfulness of Wikipedia.
From there he left for Kashi and stayed at the river banks of the home of a sage in Pralhadghat.
After this Tulsi Das went to Kashi on the order of lord.
His flower like poetry is very beautiful, which is always circled by Shri Ram like bee.
The state’s average temperature in summer season is 35-45 degrees whereas in winters it ranges from 5-15 degrees.
There he narrated the Shricharitramanas to Lord Vishvanath and Mata Annapurna.
In ancient era, the emperor of Magadh was one of among the strongest empires of the country.
The mountainous region of the north is part of Someshwar Mountains range.
Yamdev blessed him with a long life in which he will not be killed and shall remain free from any disease.
The Delhi Metro was launched on Christmas day in 2002. It is expected that the work will complete in 2022.
This tower was built in the memory of sufi sage quthabudin bakthiar kaki.
Soon musician Sachin Dev Burman and the renowned O.P. Nayyar started loving Rafi's voice and they started having Rafi sing.
After coming there he saw that his family had been destroyed.
it is been said that Rafi sahib unknowingly was the reason for the singers like Manna de,Talatmehmood and Hemant kumar’s downfall.
Delhi having an area of 1483 square kilometers is India's third largest metropolitan city.
Moropant is a marathi brahmin and is woeking with a person called Bajirao.
There's portrait of Rani Lakshmibai on the postage stamp dedicated to martyrs of 1857 freedom fight.
Inside him evolved the poetic ability and he started writing Sanskrit poems.
Nalanda university, Vikramshila university and Odantpuri university were the the prestigious educational centers in ancient Bihar.
Tulsidas is also considered to be an Avatar(incarnation)  of Sage Valmiki who wrote the original epic Ramayana.
The hot Lord Sun took for an innocent child and did not burn him.
Rajir and nearby Rajgrih is first capital of magadh empire and an important tourist place of Hindu, Jain and Bauddh religion.
The natural shape of mountains were the perfect place for many reproductive lakes.
in the year 1998, the Supreme Court ordered all Delhi public transport vehicles to run on compressed natural gas instead of diesel.
Delhi is not only the capital of India but also a main tourist destination.
General educated peoples are also getting famous for interest and knowledge because of the big writing like Manas.
In this Salamat raho and woh jab yaad aye are (with Lata Mangeshkar)exceptional.
After the 'mutiny of 1857' Delhi came under the British Rule and Administration.
After adopting a son King Gangadhar Rao died on 21st Nov,1853.
Delhi's major part is from north to south and is very broad from east to west.
Average annual rainfall is nearly 714mm(28.1Inches) Out of which maximum is monsoon rains in July and August..
Some of the important monuments are Rastrapathi bhavan,Central secretariat,Rajpath,Parliament and Vijay chawk.
Along with this the local specialties like Chat etc; you get in plenty, which people have a lip smacking go at it.
Delhi has the thickest road density in India with 1922.32 K.M road per 100 square kilometer of area.
His death on 31 July 1980 was due to heart attack.
The popularity of this musical instrument is because of Bismillah Khan, who was born in Bihar.
The Queen fled from Jhansi to Kalpi and met Tatya Tope.
Wikipedia is such a state which doesn't  give chance to complaint, but it gives chance to solve our complaint.
.The rulers of their time also changed the form of Delhi many times.
The four major railway stations are: New Delhi Railway Station, Delhi Junction, Sarai Rohilla and Hajrat Nizamuddin Railway station.
From here, Maurya dynasty, Gupta dynasty and many other dynasties has ruled to maximum regions of country.
without teaching the child Rambola has pronounced Gayatri Mantra and everyone was amazed by this.
Other types of festivals like Mango festival, Kites Flying festival, Vasant Panhcami are organized annually.
This mountain range is at an altitude of 455 meters and its highest mountain 874 meter tall.
Angels like Yaksha king Kubera, Viswakarma also blessed him with a bounty of boons.
Bus,Autos and Metro rails are the main means for Public transportation in Delhi.
Sasaram is the mausoleum of Shershah, which is made in Afghan style and it is the great model of architecture.
By way of Air travel, Delhi Indira Gandhi International Airport is connected to the whole world.
He performed rites of hid forefathers and statrted to tell the story of Rama by staying there.
He saw that two handsome prince with their weapons riding horses.
Her mother bagirathi bai is  noble woman and a well learned in sanskrit.
.It has the ability to compete with any more modern city in the world.
Jhansi became the hub of 1857 struggle, where violence flare up.
But whatever poems he composed in the day time disappeared in the night.
Mohommad Rafi and his elder brother was also came to listen his program.
At the same time when Hanuman tried to catch Sun, Rahu wanted to take hold of Sun.
Many places related to Bhagwan Buddha and Vardhman Mahavir is highly sacred.
since then, all the public transport vehicles have been running on CNG only.
In 1965, music directed by Lakshmi-Pyare for the film Dosti, Mohammad rafi got 3rd filmfare award for the song Chahunga main tuze saanj sawere.
Although Shahdara, Bhajanpura etc are west end as well as they are big market place.
The first freedom revolt was completely ceased by British, subsequently they expelled 'Bahadurshah Zafer' to Rangoon and whole India entirely came under British Governance.
The tomb of Saftharjung and Humayun are good examples of four garden style of Mughal gardens.
Besides this, here Continental foods like Italian and Chinese dishes are also available in variety.
Delhi is connected to five major metropolitan cities of India via National Highways.
.In early days it self his family shifted from Lahore to Amritsar
Musical song by Naushaad ' Tera Khilona Tuta' (film Anmol Ghadi, 1946) gave Rafi his first fame in Indian cinema.
Like many other parts of India, cricket is the most popular game here too.
For the sake of Administrative reforms, Bihar is divided into 9 Divisions and 38 Districts.
If you feels that any information is not complete or wrong, then you can add subtract or correct it.
Mugal king Himayu, defeated the Afghans in war near Sarhind and occupied Delhiwithout any objection .
After it, one more idea was proposed for testing the book.
A third and bigger stream than these which was called ""Sahibi Nadi"" (earlier named ""Rohini"").
Clear translation through Wikipedia is strictly prohibited, though translation through proficient persons is welcome.
Delhi is connected to other important and major cities via state highways and expressways (the bracket contains the term ""expressways"" in Hindi).
In the morning when the book was opened, on it was written Satyam shivam sundaram and below it was the signature of Lord Shankar.
The empire of king Ashoka, ruler of Maurya dynasty was spread up to Afghanistan in west.
later Narahari Swami taught Five Sanskar to Rambola and he stayed in Ayodhya for learning.
The way Hanuman helped in Shri Ram and Sugriv friendship and the way they killed devils with the help of monkeys is widely famous.
He created his own unique identity among his contemporaries, with the sweetness of his voice and high range.
Asia's largest auto exhibition - ""Auto Expo"" is organized in Delhi as a two yearly basis.
Delhi is prospering in every respect but as education is concerned it is growing fast in this category.
Community is male dominated and girls are kept under strict control.
60 Percent of transportation are mainly covered by Bus in Delhi.
Capital of India Delhi is reputed for its historical and cultured monuments. also important from view point of history.
ANCIENT AND MIDAIWAL BUILDINGS;KUMRAHAR PARISAR,AGAMKUNWA,MAHENDRU GHAT,ARE THE ANCIENT FORT PIECES MADE BY SHERSHAH.
The main languages spoken here are: Hindi, Punjabi, Urdu and English.
Rani Lakshmibai started strengthening Jhansi's security, and created a team of volunteer soldiers.
Sehegal was refused to sing because of the discontinuity in power supply.
Months from April to June are very hot, which have high oxidation capacity.
In recent days, the state of higher education has improved, but primary and medium education have remained like puppets.
The 'Vinay Patrika' written after this is yet another literature of importance.
When Hanuman touched Rahu on the upper part of Surya, Rahu got terribly afraid and ran away from there.
Venuvan, Saptparni cave, Gridhkut Parvat, Jarasandh Akhara, Hot water Kund, Makfdum Kund etc. are important sight.
Tulsidas never described related to his creations, that's why there is lack of evidence related to authentically written poems.
He made his distinct position amongst the other singers of his time with the sweetness and richness in the range of his voice.
R.R. region also have regions like Gurgaon, Noida of nearby states attached to its boundary.
Initially the hold the rule from Calcutta(presently is Kolkata) but in 1911 the capital was shifted to Delhi.
Delhi's municipal corporation is the World's biggest municipal corporation organisation which provides service to almost 167.80 lacs people.
Because of the geographical nearness to the capital of Delhi, New Delhi the political and other activities gets more attention.
In history, Delhi has also been a very important commercial center of eastern India.
These National Highways are National Highway 1, 2, 8, 10 and 24.
According to the third stage of plan, they are panning to join cities like Gajiyabad, Faridabad etc. with national capital.
After this Rafi sang for Shaheed, Mela and Dulari which were very famous.
There is war on the number of songs Rafi had sung i his life.
He is known as Bajrang Bali, as his body was as strong as Vajra (the toughest material).
Near bihar Nepal is there,Next to bihar Bengal,Beside bihar Charkhand is there.
Apart from this, football, hockey, tennis and golf is also favored.
Districts are further divided into 109 Sub-Divisions, 534 Blocks, 8,471 Panchaysts(Boards)and 45,103 Villages.
The main server of Wikipedia is at Tampa, Florida,additional server is at Amsterdam and Seoul.
After the death of Himayu,in the leadership of  Hemu Vikaramaditya Afghans defeated the Mugal army and again captured Delhi and Agra.
In front of lord Vishwanath; Vedas, Shastras, Puranas and Ramcharitmanas were kept from top to bottom.
Rainy Season starts from July- August and goes on till October. With the end of rains ends the complete season cycle.
Rising from the south-west joined the Yamuna at the north of the ridge.
There is equanimity and bonding among the different language literature which is”unbiased outlook”.
People present there even heard the sound of 'Satyam shivam sundaram'.
For every district there is a deputy commissioner and 3 sub districts.
The empire of Maurya dynasty was from 325 B.C. to 185 B.C.
Hanuman's cheek ('hanu' in Sanskrit) was hit and broken by Indra's powerful Vajra weapon, due to which he got the name Hanuman.
Main Bus service of Delhi is provided by Delhi Transportation controlled by Government of Delhi.
Indian Archeological Survey Department has found out 1200 ponds in Delhi which is bigger in number than other cities of world.
During the early days of his career he sung for the music composer duo Lakshmikant - Pyarelal (known popularly as Lakshmipyare)for very low fee.
After singing for actors such as Dileep Kumar, Bharat Bhushan and Devanand, the number of actors acting for his songs started increasing.
Tulsi Das Ji started to tell the story of Rama in KAshi.
BRITISH PERIOD BUILDINGS;JALAN MUSEUM,GOLGHAR,PATNA MUSEU,LAGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY MEETING HALL BUILDING,HIGHCOURT BUILDING,SADAKAT AASHRAM.
from behind lord Hanuman came and explained and the he felt very bad.
during the period 1950 Jaykishan,Naushad and Sachindevburman have made Rafi to sing many hit songs.
Women were also enrolled in the team and they have been given training of war.
These two songs became very popular and also Ralesh Khanathe actor of the film including film director got huge popularty.
Humidity increases by the end of June, which brings the Monsoon rains.
valuable things obtained from old object and the object itself is the proof for the ancient town.
In terms of area also it is second to Tokyo only.
Many national festivals like Republic day,Independence day and Gandhijayanthi is celebrated with gaiety.
N.T.Rama Rao (for Telugu films Bale Tammudu and Aradhana), Akkineni Nageswara Rao (for Hindi film -Swarna Sundari)
Hauman is known as the son of the wind  because Air (the deity for wind) played a vital role in bringing up Hanuman.
As most parts of Bihar are still villages, traditional Indian games such as  Kabbadi, gilli-danda, Goli (marbles) are very popular here.
This has started in 29 January 2001 as complementary to Nupedia, encyclopedia made by experts.
Though writing and art of different cultures can be linked through interwiki, but translation of writing still requires gaining acceptance.
The Delhi-Gurgaon expressway connects Delhi to Gurgaon and the International Airport.
Here, Boddh and Jain religion has taken birth in 6 B. C. and 5 B.C.
Once he hear something from Teacher,he immediately registers in the memory.
Hanuan Father Kesari was king of Sumeru Parvat and hanuman mother name was Anjana.
This is worlds second largest book fair, in which 23 countries are participates from all around the world.
Valmikinagar is the only town situated near to this forest region.
as secondary education is concerned a vast population ofchildren are getting it in Secondary Schools.
Some historians believe that it is a part of Dehli which in Indian language means lintel that indicates the gateway to the Indus-Ganga plain.
Sikhs tenth Guru Govind Singh's birth place Patna also celebrates his birthday with great heart.
Delhi transportation gives immense environmental service in compere to the world.
His differences with Lata Mangeshkar regarding the royalty of songs was an example of his greatness.
Rafi's voice started singing background vocals for Shammi Kapoor, Rajendra Kumar, Joy Mukherjee, Vishwajeet, Rajesh Khanna, Dharmendra and other actors.
There one day he found a ghost, who told him the address of Hanuman Ji.
Articles of 31 languages along with article of Mahatma Gandhi in Hindi are linked,which can be read as article written in Gujarati.
CIRCULAR PLACES;HAWELI OF PADRI,HARTEMPLE,BIG PATANDEVI,MAHAVIR TEMPLE, SHERSHAH'S MUSJID,BEGU HAZZAM'S MASJID, MASJID OF STONES,JAMA MASJID,BADI KHANKAH AND SHUAMDI0ASHUIDAA IN FULWARI SHARIF.
Hanuman convinced him and told that again they will come in  the evening.
It is surrounded by Aravalli hills in the south-west and Yamuna river in the east,on whose banks it is situated.
Along with playback singer kishor Kumar became the 1st choiceof public and also 1st choice of music directors.
They got the permission, in age of 13 year old, Mohommad Rafi did his first performance in public.
After these Monsoon winds run here from July, which bring rain.
There is a village called Sookarketh Rajapur near Ayodhya in Ghonda  district where lived a brahman of sarayu-tradition by name Atmaram Dubey.
Gaya and Boddhgaya is most important sight of Buddhisht in addition Hindus.
we obtain a summary of its history and changing heirs of royal kingdom after year 1000.
this was started on 24th December, 2002, first and ran between Shahdara and Tis Hazari lines.
The famous religious places of all religions are here like Birla Mandir, Adhya Katyayini Shaktipeeth, Gurudwara Bangla Sahib, Bahai Lotus Temple and Jama Masjid.
Mohammed Rafi's voice inspired a number of artists in upcoming days.
This varies from the plain agricultural lands in north to humid Aravalli hills in the south.
Delhi still has the evidences of 'Rise and Fall' of many ruling dynasties at present.
then queen laxmibai took the help of advocate john lang and filed the petition in London court.
Municipal corporation oversees the work of around 1697 square km. area.
After becoming capital of British India in year 1911, the population of delhi started growing.
On the Independence day the prime minister of India addresses the people here from the Red Fort.
The high population growth rate and increasing economic rate keeps pressurizing the infrastructure of the Delhi City.
It is said that once he saw Talat Mehmood smoking and changed his mind and asked Rafi to sing instead.
Rafi wrote a letter to Guiess Book to negociate about it.
Anrasa Candy, Khaja, Motichur Laddoo, Tilkut are the favourite sweets among varities of sweets.
Villages matters executed under the 'Headmen, 'Sarpanch'(Foremen), and Ward-Members, which came through direct electoral.
Now this is run by Wiki media which is a non profit organization.
The grandson of Akbar, Shahjahan (1628-1658) has re established it seventh time which is called Shahjahanabad during the middle of seventeenth century.
Its excess water started going into the Najafgad lake via the rear path.
The D.N.D. flyway and the Noida-Greater Noida expressway connect Delhi to the two major suburbs.
They began bickeringin groups about Tulsidasji and began attempting to destroy his books.
Among them are Sonu Nigam, Mohammed Aziz and Udit Narayan- Though most of them now have their own identity.
A vast plain land named Mdhyavarti occupies 95% of this area.
Srimad Valmiki Ramayan (First and Second chapters), with pictures and Hindi translation, Publisher and Copyright: Gita Press, Gorakhpur.
Recently BRT Service has started from Ambedkar Nagar to Delhi Gate.
Old cities where Mogul or Turkics built some monuments as an example Jamma Masjid or Lal Killa which are big mosques.
Shammi Kapoor was so influenced by Rafi's voice that he used him in every song.
After meeting Hanuman Ji, Tulsi Das Ji begged him to meet Shri Raghunath Ji.
KNOWLEDGE AND SCIENCE CENTERS;PATNA UNIVERSITY,KHUDABUX LIBRARY,SACHHIDANAND SINHA LIBRARY,SANJAY GANDHI BIOGRAPHIC GARDEN,SHRI KRISHN SINHA SCIENCE CENTRE,INDRI GANDHI PLANATOURIUMAND SCIENCE BOUNDRIES.
in north bihar rivers vagmathi, koshi, budhi gandhak, gandhak, dadar and their tributaries join together.
In the year 1608 on the Wednesday in-front of him he saw the God.
In the ancient period it was the main halting point in the path of the trade routes passing through Gangetic Plains.
During her childhood Manu learned many sastras and became a pandit.
In Mehrouli, New Delhi, there is a metallic pillar built in the Guptas' era.
Kings of neighborhood states Orachha and Datiya have also attacked Jhansi in September and October of 1857.
Shyam Sunder was also in audience, who was vary famous composer of that time, who listen and get vary attracted.
October-November is early winter period which is pleasant with a little coolness.
And today being new-moon day when I went to catch Su, I saw another Rahu who was about to catch Sun"".
On the occassion of Pitripaksh Hindus from all over world gather here and perform Tarpan to their ancestor on the bank of Falgu river.
The city's things of Delhi got some special gifts due to its global beauty of surrounding land with Aravali forests.
this transport's maximum reaches up to 80km/hr(40 miles/hr) and it stops for about 20 seconds at every station.
The memorial of martyrs of country, 'India Gate', on Rajpath is also built in this city.
There used to be a number of natural lakes in Delhi which have mostly dried up now due to excessive mining.
In true sense, Delhi is the harmonious mixture of Future, Past and Present contexts of our country.
When priests found no trick they inspired Shri Madhusoodan Saraswati Ji to see that book.
New Delhi Municipal corporation: (NDMC) It is the name of New Delhi's municipal corporation.
According to 2008 statistics, there were 44 lakh vehicles within the boundaries of Delhi City.
Baiju Baavera's songs helped Rafi establish himself as a mainstream singer.
After corrections, Guiness Book published both their statement and gave Muhamad Rafi 28,000 recorded songs between 1944 and 1980.
In future tense the big region of powerbase city of bihar is one  pittance.
Local dishes like sattu, dahi-chuda, litti-chokha are the favourite food of localites.
One of the industrially backward States of India, agriculture is the main source of income for the people of Bihar.
In the mid-2006 it had more than 4.6 million articles,in English language itself there were more than 1.2 million article.
Shahjahanabad is called Old city or Old Delhi in common language.
He apologized to Tulsi Das and touched his feet with honour.
Millets, Wheat, Corn, Tobacco, Vegetables, Banana, Mango , Litchi and other fruits are cultivated here.
Till about 70 years ago the size of this lake was 220 square kilometers.
According to Alexa the traffic of English in Wikipedia could generate only 60% of the total.
There is a separate International Airport proposed to be constructed at Noida, also planned is the Noida Indian Grand Prix.
Delhi's district administration contorls all type of state and central policies.
He saw off from one Ghats of Patliputra (Presently Patna) which is known as Mahendru Ghat by the name of Mahendra.
Constitutional chief of state is Governor, but real pwer is in the hands of chief minister and his cabinet.
From the beginning of 1940 until 1980 he sang a total of 26,000 songs.
""Dhilli"" in Hindi/Prakrit was also used for this area which ultimately became ""Delhi"".
there three important places such as Lal Killa, Kutab Minar and Makbora of Humayun.
After Mumbai, Delhi is one of the biggest commercial cities in India.
Although he was provided music by O.P. Nayyar or Shankar Jaikishan, the voice was always Rafi's.
In the form of a child he called Tulasidas as Baba.
This city situated on the banks of Yamuna river has a glorious mythological history.
In 1842 she was married with a king called Gangadharrao nivalkar in Jansi,and she became the queen of Jansi.
Still,he sang many songs after it and which are hits,like,Aa duniya aa mahapil, Aa jo chilmonha,tum jo mil gai ho.
Upon hearing Rahu's words Indra got frightened and went to the Sun along with Rahu.
Three barahmasi rivers joined the river of Delhi Yamuna because of the natural forests of Aravali.
Starting from the decade of 1940 up to 1980 he sang a total of 26,000 songs.
He got 5th filmfare award for the song Dil ke zharoke me from the movie Brahmachari (1965)whose music was composed by Shankar JAykishan.
Brittani officer has captured the jewelery and her husband's debt has been accounted from the queens yearly maintenance.
These old colonies are still giving name and fame to the city and in history it is firmly etched.
Because of these reasons, Delhi has most vehicles in any city of the world.
After this Naushaad asked Rafi to sing a number of songs under his directions.
On the search after that, Vishwas Nerurkar fond that Lata had in reality had sung only 5,044 songs.
According to ancient Hindu stories, Hanuman is Marut-nandan which means Son of Wind.
Besides this, retail business, government jobs and small business enterprises also form sources of revenue for the people of this State.
This is in more than 200 languages,in which 15 languages have more than 50 thousand articles.
On That day early morning  SriTulsidasJi started the creation of Sriramacharithmanas.
Since the ancient era many empires and kings have ruled Delhi and constantly its name is being changed also.
The English, after cleaning the riverbed by removing silt from the Sahibi river, named it ""Nala Najafgad"" and joined it with the Yamuna.
Whereas, the other 40% of the traffic was among the different languages.
The thieves saw that outside Tulsidasji's hut two brave men were guarding by standing with bow and arrow.
After that, Boddh religion has reached to China and from its way to Japan.
Legislators elected for legislative assembly elect chief minister for 5 years, whereas governor is appointed by the president of India.
After his birth one day his mother went to bring some fruits while leaving him in Ashram only.
Besides mainstream Hindi songs, included among these are Ghazals, bhajans, patriotic songs, kawaalis as well as songs in other languages.
, which is organized one time in two years on Pragadi Maidan.
Tarai region: This reigon is around ten square kilometers of Someshwar mountain ranges where one can find Kankar bear.
Many Governmental and private institutes for Arts,commerceScience,industrial,Ayur science,technology and Managementare very popular for delivering higher standred Education.
they use CNG for Auto for which Color is Blue upside and green under line.
other monuments India gate (18 century welcome gate). Old Killa(1600 century Fort ),Birla Mandir, Akshyadham Mandir, and kamal Tample are new era monuments.
On the basis of per capita income this city is counted with rich cities of the country.
because of this difference in opinion the relationship between the two was in bad shape.
There are results are race up mainly after searching in Google and other search engines.
the pair have won many filmfare awards like in 1961 gharana,kajal 1965,do badam 1966 and neelkamal in 1968.
It was built in the fourth century after Christ and from then till today there is no formation of rust on this.
Britani army had started marching towards Jhansi in January 1858, and in the month of May they have encircled the city.
the song,kya huaa tera bada, of the film 'Hum kisisa kom nahi""made in 1977,was the 6th and last film fare awarded song.
Mohommad Rafi's 1st song was for the one Panjabi film ""Gul Baloch"", sang under direction of Shyam Sundar in 1944.
winter period also presents excessive fog and there is a cold wave which is also fatal like heatwaves.
Bhagalpur and surrounding in addition to ancient educational place is an important industrial centre of Tusser silk in Bihar.
Now Yamuna had switch from 20km to its previous direction due to the change in the South Asian partitions.
in Delhi's public transport, the metro railways are a very important part.
Apart from the main Hindi songs, others like ghazals, patriotic songs, devotional songs, qawwali and songs in other languages are also included.
Anandkanane Hyasmiangmastulsitaru (Sanskrit : In this Kashi like Anand Van Tulsidas is a mobile plant of Tulsi.)
New Delhi is a part of this region which was formed after the historic old Delhi.
With average annual growth of 3.85 % , delhi population touched 13.8 million in year 2001
The republic day parade is a great show,in which India's military power and cultural heritage are exhibited.
Chandini Chowk the old market is historically three centuries old is famous for Jewels, Zari saris, and spices.
According to the Delhi's 2021 Master Plan, after that there is a plan of taking the Metro Rail in Delhi's suburban areas also.
About this time only the musician duo Shankar-Jaykishan liked his voice and asked Rafi to sing for them as well.
After Mr. Lalu Prasad became Rail Minister, Litti-chokha is also available in some stations of Indian Railways.
However, the situation is now changing, thanks to the persistent efforts of the Government.
she was born in a district called Maidani in Varanasi city.
Mr.Griyson has mentioned above stated 12 texts in Encyclopeadia of Religions and Ethics.
Akshar Dham Temple premises is the largest Hindu temple premises in the world.
Among major languages, English, German, French, Polish, Japanese, Swedish, Italian, Portuguese and Spanish are included.
In kashi he stayed with Sheshsanatan for 15 years to learn the Vedas.
Political parties or coalitions make governments according to clear majority in the direct election.
When child Hanuman felt hungry he started to fly in the sky to grab the rising sun which he taught was a fruit.
Panjabi and Mogalai Food like Kabab and Biryani is famous in various parts of Delhi.
Environmental Taxis also available in Delhi for which it costs Rs 9.50p to 25 rupees.
Delhi has a 30% private vehicles out of the total number of vehicles. There are 163 new vehicles being registered each day.
Father of Nation Gandhi's crematory as well as other big personalities burial ground situated at nearby.
Lata opted not to sing with Rafi and they did'nt sung a duet for years.
Gradually his fame rose so much that actors started insisting that he sing the background vocals for them.
That is clear that numbers of user will be increased using Hindi on internet by development of Hindi Wikipedia.
in 1961 Rafi won his second filmfare award sasural for the song teripyaripyarisurat.
The beginning of it's history is linked to the Indus Valley Civilization.
In 1852 Lakshmibai gave birth to a son  but within 4months the baby died.
Britani army had occupied the city after the war of two weeks.
Temperature here is extremely variable which goes till -0.6 degree Celsius (30.9 degree Fahrenheit).
In 3000, this river flows from the pavikshram of the ' Ridge' of Delhi.
before this, most of the public transport was carried out by roadways.
Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi; This institute was ranked as the fourth best Institute in the field of Science and Technology by Asia Week.
These regions are called other side of Yamuna, although they are well connected with the city by a number of bridges.
Kavitamanjari bhati Ramabhramarbhusita (Sanskrit : On whose flower like poetry, Rama like bee circles around.)
decade of  1991 to 2001 the rate of population growth was 47.02%
Some of the religious festivals include diwali,holi,dashara,durga puja,mahaveer jayanthi,guru parab,christmas,mahasivarathri,id-ul-fither,buddh jayanthi,lohati pongal and onam.
Because of this nothing much happened he became famous only in that small locality.
Shankar Jaykishan at that time were favorites of Raj Kapoor but Raj Kapoor liked only Mukesh's voice for himself.
Additionally, Raju Bhartan found that only 35000 songs were recorded between 1948 and 1987.
Bihar capital name is Patna and Patna another name is Patliputra.
her childhood name was Manikarnika, but everyone called her Manu with love.
Year 1633 in Margashisya Shukalpaksh rams wedding ceremony was completed with sevaen rituals.
One day Kaliyug came to him in human form and tortured him.
Bihar’s rich culture is a blend of Maithely, Magahi, Bhojpuri, Tirhut and Ang cultures.
Due to its beginning in the glaciers of the Himalayas the Yamuna has always been full of water.
In twelveth Century, Bakhtiyar Khilzi has captured his ruling on Bihar.
He got home sickness and he came back to birthplace after taking permission from his teacher.
Members of the Upper house or Vidhan Parishad are elected for 6 years period by indirect voting.
More Government Offices, Quarters and Damaged structures from British Period  built by them are in Delhi.
Many multi national companies like pepsi,gap etc has opened head offices in Delhi and nearby places.
Rajendra Kumar, Dileep Kumar and Dharmendra never agreed to have any other singer sing for them.
People will get another stage to use of Hindi in future.
The evidences of this fact are found in the excavation of surrounding regions of Haryana.
In 1853 king gangadhar seriously got ill and he was advised to adopt a son.
In the Kutub area of Delhi, the most magnificient architecture is the Kutub Minar.
But queen saved herself from Britishers and escaped with Damodar Rav.
Mohomad Rafi was a dedicated Musilim, away from all bad havitsand was a simple and gentle man.
Looking at this condition of Hanuman, the Lord of Air (Vayu) got wild.
initially, it ran on 6 routes which joined most of Delhi's parts.
It is in the form of Wiki, means such a web page which allows everyone to edit it.
Delhi metro also crosses the river with the help of two bridges.
National Capital Region is extended in Delhi in which there are Rural division and Urban Division.
In this Kashi like Anand Van Tulsidas is a mobile plant of Tulsi.
It is spread from Saroop nagar in north to Rajori in south.
The population density of Delhi is 9294 per sq.kilomete and there are 821 females for every 1000 males.
During Quthab festival musicians and dancers get together which brightens some nights.
Delhi government started a mass rapid transit system to meet the increasing transportation demands of the city and it is known as Delhi Metro.
Later when the popularity of Shankar Jaykishan song's increased they used Rafi to sing for them except for Raj Kapoor.
I this situation it is difficult to believe that Rafi sang 28,000 songs but some people still believe on this number of songs.
Bajrang Bali is one among the seven persons in this world,  who were gifted with eternity.
For lunch chaval-dal-sabji and roti-sabji in dinner are the daily dishes.
There was a time when Bihar was deemed as one of the best places for education.
'Patna' is the present Capital of the state and a great Historical Place.
her mother's name was Bhagirathi and her father's name was Moropant Tambe.
In his life time he has written 12 bbokshewasa Snskrit scholar and is considered to be one of The greatest Hindi Poets.